(phone buzzing)
(typing)
EXCUSE ME?
I... I WAS NOT
CHECKING MY PHONE.
YES YOU WERE. YEAH.
I'M WORKING HARD OVER
HERE AND YOU'RE TEXTING?
WELL, YOU KNOW, I HEARD THE
BUZZ AND I HAD TO CHECK.
IT'S NOT LIKE I WAS DRIVING.
ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A
VERY INTIMATE MOMENT HERE
AND YOU ARE... YOU ARE
CHECKING YOUR PHONE.
OKAY, I'M SORRY, JOE.
IT'S JUST I'M A
CITY COUNCILWOMAN.
YOU KNOW, THE PEOPLE OF
TOLEDO HAVE ME ON CALL 24/7,
AND THAT TEXT COULD HAVE
BEEN VERY IMPORTANT.
AND WAS IT?
THAT DEPENDS ON HOW IMPORTANT
CAT VIDEOS ARE TO YOU.
LOOK. LOOK IT KEEPS PAWING
AT ITS OWN REFLECTION.
SEE, 'CAUSE IT THINKS
IT'S ANOTHER CAT.
ISN'T THAT SO... SOMETHING
I CAN WATCH LATER?
OKAY, UH, LOOK, ALL
RIGHT, I'M SORRY.
I AM PUTTING THIS AWAY,
AND I AM 100% YOURS.
NOW, WHERE WERE WE?
NO. NO, I MEAN I...
YOU KNOW, I...
I CAN'T GO BACK. YOU
KNOW, I LOST MY PLACE.
I DON'T... YOU KNOW, I WOULD
NEVER DO ANYTHING TO YOU
LIKE WHAT YOU JUST DID TO ME.
- OH, IS THAT SO?
- OH, THAT IS VERY SO.
UH, NEED I REMIND YOU
OF A CERTAIN NIGHT
WHEN OUR ROLES WERE REVERSED,
AND IN THE MIDDLE OF THINGS,
YOU WERE WATCHING
THE SUPER BOWL.
THAT WAS A PREARRANGED
FANTASY, AS SPECIFIED
BY THE CONDITIONS ON THE VALENTINE'S
DAY COUPON THAT YOU GAVE ME!
LOOK, ADMIT IT, YOU ARE AS
EASILY DISTRACTED AS I AM.
NO, NO, NOT WHEN I'M
IN BED WITH MY WIFE.
OKAY? ALL RIGHT,
WHEN I AM IN HERE,
I AM LIKE LASER FOCUSED, MAN.
MY MOM COULD BE AT THE
FOOT OF THIS BED,
GETTING RIPPED LIMB FROM LIMB
BY RABID COYOTES, ALL RIGHT?
AND I GOT MY EYE ON THE PRIZE.
CAN WE JUST MAYBE MOVE ON?
(sighs) FINE.
I MEAN, I CAN TRY...
(phone buzzing)
OKAY, I'LL JUST TURN THAT OFF.
AWW!
YOU KNOW WHAT? I HOPE YOU
ENJOY THAT CAT VIDEO.
'CAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY TAIL YOU'RE
GOING TO BE GETTING TONIGHT.
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
OH, GOOD MORNING.
I SAID, GOOD MORNING.
LADIES, EYES UP HERE, OKAY?
YOU KNOW, I MIGHT BE
KIND OF OLD-SCHOOL,
BUT MY IDEA OF A SATURDAY-MORNING
FAMILY BREAKFAST
INVOLVES EYE CONTACT
AND, I DON'T KNOW,
HUMAN INTERACTION.
I'M HAVING LOTS OF
HUMAN INTERACTION
WITH MY 806 FRIENDS.
YOU ONLY HAVE 806 FRIENDS?
(sing-song) LOSER.
THOSE AREN'T FRIENDS.
NOBODY HAS 806 FRIENDS.
OH YEAH? WELL, I HAVE
3,000 FOLLOWERS.
LENNOX, IF 3,000 PEOPLE
WERE FOLLOWING YOU,
IT WOULD BE TERRIFYING, OKAY?
FRIENDS, FOLLOWERS? COME ON, IT'S LIKE
ALL WORDS HAVE LOST THEIR MEANING.
WHO NEEDS WORDS WHEN
YOU HAVE EMOJIS?
I CAN'T BELIEVE MIRIAM POSTED
THIS PHOTO OF ME EATING RAMEN.
I WAS MID-SLURP. NOT EVEN JENNIFER
LAWRENCE LOOKS GOOD MID-SLURP.
OH, I'M SORRY, JOE.
I DIDN'T SEE YOU.
OF COURSE YOU DIDN'T SEE
ME, 'CAUSE I WAS HIDING
RIGHT HERE IN REAL LIFE.
I SAID I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I'M SORRY ABOUT
LAST NIGHT TOO, OKAY?
- GIVE ME A KISS.
- (phone beeps)
OOH!
CLEARLY YOU'RE
OVERCOME WITH REMORSE.
I AM. ONE SECOND...
AND SEND.
YOU KNOW YOU'RE TETHERED TO THAT
THING LIKE AN UMBILICAL CORD.
JOE, WE NEED THESE, OKAY?
WE NEED TO BE CONNECTED.
NOT EVERY SINGLE INTIMATE
MOMENT OF OUR LIVES.
I'M TALKING ABOUT BREAKFAST.
Both: OH.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I BET THIS FAMILY
COULDN'T GO THE WHOLE WEEKEND
WITHOUT LOOKING AT THOSE PHONES.
I COULD, BUT WHAT ABOUT MY HOMEWORK?
I HAVE TO GO ONLINE TO GET IT.
LAST NIGHT YOU SAID YOU HAD
NO ASSIGNMENTS THIS WEEKEND.
THANKS SO MUCH.
OH, I SEE WHAT YOU WERE DOING.
HEY, LOOK, I'M NOT TELLING ANYONE
TO THROW THEIR PHONES AWAY.
I'M JUST SAYING, YOU KNOW, WE CAN'T
BE ADDICTED TO THESE THINGS.
EVERYTHING IN MODERATION.
UM, WHAT ABOUT YOU
AND WORKING OUT?
DON'T GO OFF-TOPIC.
THAT WAS REALLY
WONDERFUL, HONEY.
YOU'VE GIVEN US A LOT TO
THINK ABOUT, YOU KNOW?
- (beeps) -SIRI, REMIND ME TO
THINK ABOUT WHAT JOE JUST SAID.
ALL RIGHT, HERE'S WHAT
WE'RE GOING TO DO.
EVERYBODY REMEMBER OUR
LITTLE SWEAR JAR UP HERE
THAT'S FULL OF QUARTERS?
AH, THAT (jackhammer
pounding) THING.
(jackhammer continues)
SERIOUSLY? THE BUCHWALDS
ARE DOING CONSTRUCTION
ON THE (jackhammer
rattles) WEEKEND?
HEY!
SH... (jackhammer rattles)!
IT'S 9:00 IN THE MORNING!
AREN'T YOU GOING TO
GET SOME CHANGE?
OH, NO, THEY'RE GOING TO
BE DOING CONSTRUCTION
ON THAT POOL FOR A LONG TIME.
OKAY, HERE'S THE
DEAL, ALL RIGHT?
ANYONE WHO MAKES IT
TILL MONDAY MORNING
WITHOUT LOOKING AT THEIR PHONE
WILL GET EVERYTHING IN THIS JAR.
(laughs)
PLUS $200 FROM MY WALLET.
- I'M IN.
- ME TOO.
ARE YOU GOING TO
LOCK UP OUR PHONES?
WE'RE NOT LOCKING ANYTHING UP.
WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE GOING ON THE
HONOR SYSTEM. MEL, ARE YOU IN?
ARE YOU GOING TO GUILT
ME TO DEATH IF I SAY NO?
COME ON, WOULD I EVER
DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
I'M IN.
GOOD, ALL RIGHT. SO THE
CLOCK STARTS RIGHT NOW.
(phone dings)
OH! OH, CAN YOU DELAY THE
CLOCK JUST, LIKE, ONE MINUTE?
NO, I'M SORRY, THAT'S
NOT HOW TIME WORKS.
BUT, JOE, THIS GUY MIGHT
BE ASKING ME OUT.
ASKING YOU OUT? OKAY,
GO AHEAD AND TEXT HIM.
AND LENNOX LASTED
ALMOST ONE MINUTE.
NO! NO, I WANT THAT MONEY.
GOOD. OKAY, SO NO TEXTS,
NO EMAILS, NO BROWSING
THE INTERNET,
NO CUTE LITTLE ANIMALS OR BABIES
PLAYING IN SPAGHETTI, ALL RIGHT?
FOR THE NEXT 48 HOURS.
YOU THINK YOU CAN
DO THIS TOO, JOE?
PFF! ARE YOU KIDDING?
GIVE ME A PARTY HAT,
BECAUSE THIS IS GOING
TO BE A PIECE OF CAKE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, I
LOVE MY PHONE, MAN,
BUT NOT MORE THAN I LOVE THE
PEOPLE AROUND ME. YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, EVERYBODY PRETENDS, YOU
KNOW, PHONES ARE FOR CONNECTING.
RIGHT? MY THEORY IS, THEY USE
THESE PHONES TO AVOID PEOPLE.
BECAUSE YOU REALLY
WANT TO CONNECT, MAN,
YOU DISCONNECT FROM YOUR PHONE,
AND YOU CONNECT TO THE PEOPLE AROUND YOU!
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YOU TALK TO THEM,
YOU LISTEN TO THEM.
- YOU KNOW, JOE...
- I'M NOT DONE YET.
I WAS AT THE COFFEE SHOP
YESTERDAY, ALL RIGHT?
IT'S FILLED WITH THESE COUPLES WHO
ARE NOT TALKING TO EACH OTHER.
YEAH, IT'S A SAD STATE OF...
SHH! I GOT THE ANSWER.
RIGHT? THIS MORNING, I
CHALLENGED MY FAMILY
TO NOT USE THEIR SCREENS
FOR THE ENTIRE WEEKEND.
SO WE CAN ACTUALLY
INTERACT LIKE HUMAN BEINGS
INSTEAD OF LIKE 'BOTS.
- YOU DID THAT?
- YEAH, I DID, MAN.
YOU KNOW? AND I'M TURNING THIS
WHOLE THING AROUND, ALL RIGHT?
STARTING AT HOME. AND I'LL TELL
YOU SOMETHING RIGHT NOW, MORRIS.
IF EVERYBODY DID THAT,
WE COULD CHANGE THIS WHOLE
COUNTRY IN 48 HOURS.
RIGHT, NOW I WANT YOU TO
STRETCH OUT YOUR HAMMIES.
OKAY.
WOW, I GOTTA SAY, JOE,
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE A
VERY PERSUASIVE GUY.
REALLY? OH, YOU KNOW, I JUST SAY
WHAT I THINK AND WHAT I FEEL.
I SPEAK FROM WHAT I LIKE
TO CALL MY HEART-BRAIN.
HEART-BRAIN.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT IS,
BUT I LOVE THE SOUND OF IT.
DO YOU? I'M FULL OF
IDEAS LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW, I BOOK
SPEAKERS FOR CONVENTIONS
AND CORPORATE RETREATS,
AND I REALLY THINK
PEOPLE WOULD BE INTERESTED
IN WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT ABOUT
BEING A MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER?
YOU MEAN HAVE I THOUGHT
ABOUT TALKING PASSIONATELY
FOR A LONG PERIOD OF TIME WHILE AN
AUDIENCE HANGS ON MY EVERY WORD?
UM, YEAH.
ONLY, LIKE, ALL THE TIME.
YOU THINK YOU COULD PUT TOGETHER
A 45-MINUTE PRESENTATION?
I COULD CUT IT DOWN
TO 45 MINUTES.
WHY DON'T YOU PUT
SOMETHING TOGETHER,
AND I'LL SEND A
CONTRACT OVER LATER.
AND WHEN I GET AN OPENING,
I'LL TRY YOU OUT.
ALL RIGHT, THAT SOUNDS GOOD, MAN.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, NOW LET'S GET
YOU INTO THE GARAGE.
WE'RE GONNA DO SOME
SQUATS WHILE I TELL YOU
HOW I'M GONNA FIX THE
NATION'S SCHOOLS.
HEY, MEL, YOU'RE NOT GONNA...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? ARE YOU...
ARE YOU MEDITATING?
YES, I OMMMMM.
JUST A LITTLE MEDITATION HUMOR.
I DO THAT EVERY NOW AND ZEN.
ANY MORE?
NO, I'M DONE.
IT TURNS OUT, WITHOUT
THE INTERNET,
I HAVE ALL THIS EXTRA
TIME I DIDN'T KNOW I HAD.
AND I GOTTA SAY, MEDITATING
MAKES YOU FEEL PRETTY GREAT.
YOU KNOW, IT'S LIKE TRYING
ON SHOES FOR YOUR MIND.
SO WAIT A MINUTE. BY CUTTING
YOU OFF FROM YOUR ELECTRONICS,
I'VE JUST GIVEN YOU A WHOLE
NEW OUTLOOK ON YOUR LIFE.
THAT'S WHY I CAME
IN HERE, HONEY,
BECAUSE I WAS JUST TELLING MY CLIENT
MORRIS ABOUT OUR TECH-FREE WEEKEND,
AND IT TURNS OUT HE ARRANGES
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS
AND HE WANTS TO HIRE NONE
OTHER THAN JOE LONGO.
OH, WOW, I'M SO
HAPPY FOR YOU, JOE.
OOH, AND I KNOW JUST
HOW WE CAN CELEBRATE.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT IT DURING
MY MEDITATION. SHUT THE DOOR.
OOH, OKAY.
NOW YOU AND ME...
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE
SECRET PHONE TIME?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
A LITTLE JOE-MANCE.
OKAY, I TOLD YOU NEVER
TO USE THAT WORD AGAIN.
BESIDES, WE CAN DO THAT ANYTIME,
BUT WE ONLY HAVE A FEW MINUTES TO CHECK OUR
EMAILS BEFORE THE KIDS NOTICE WE'RE GONE.
- WE ALL MADE A PACT.
- I LEARNED MY LESSON.
DON'T I DESERVE A DIGITAL QUICKIE?
THE KIDS DON'T HAVE TO KNOW.
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE YOU'VE
COMPLETELY LEARNED YOUR LESSON.
OKAY OKAY OKAY, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DIDN'T LEARN MY LESSON,
'CAUSE WE'RE ADULTS.
IT'S TOO LATE FOR US
TO LEARN LESSONS.
LOOK, MEL, I KNOW
IT'S HARD, ALL RIGHT,
BUT YOU NEVER KNOW IF YOU'RE
GOING TO ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING
UNTIL YOU ACTUALLY
ACCOMPLISH IT.
OOH.
THAT'S A GOOD LINE. I GOTTA
USE THAT FOR MY SPEECH.
I'M SORRY, OKAY,
ANYWAY, BACK TO YOU.
THE POINT IS, HONEY, I KNOW YOU
CAN ABSTAIN FROM USING THAT PHONE
FOR THE NEXT 48 HOURS.
OKAY, FINE, YOU CONVINCED ME.
I CAN DO THIS.
SEE WHAT I JUST DID RIGHT THERE.
I'M TELLING YOU SOMETHING, I'M LIKE
A NATURAL MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER.
I MEAN, I PSYCH YOU UP, BABY.
I MOVE YOU FORWARD, ALL RIGHT?
I MAKE YOU BECOME THE
BEST VERSION OF YOU...
OKAY, STOP. YOU'RE MOTIVATING
ME TO JUMP OUT THE WINDOW.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO
BE THE RACE CAR,
DANI'S GOING TO BE THE HAT,
LENNOX IS GOING TO BE THE DOG,
- AND AS USUAL, MEL IS GOING TO BE...
- All: THE SHOE.
YOU LEARN FAST.
EDUCATED GUESS. ZAPPOS JUST
SENT HER A SHOT GLASS.
LOOK AT US. LOOK
AT US HERE, HUH?
WE'RE CONNECTING AND
NOT USING ANY SCREENS.
- MEL?
- Mel: I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
OH, HEY, DANI?
EVERYONE GETS $2500.
NO, THEY DON'T. CHECK THE RULES.
AUNT MEL TORE UP THE RULES
LAST TIME WE PLAYED.
WELL, THEN LOOK THEM UP ONLINE.
NO, NO, NO. NO, REMEMBER?
NOBODY'S GOING
ONLINE UNTIL MONDAY.
YEAH, BUT JOE, WE NEED RULES.
WELL, I'M NOT PLAYING UNLESS
WE'RE PLAYING CORRECTLY.
I DIDN'T EVEN WANT TO PLAY
THIS IN THE FIRST PLACE.
I WANTED TO PLAY SCRABBLE.
WELL, IT DOESN'T MATTER
BECAUSE WE CHOSE THIS...
- (Lennox and Dani shouting) -WE CHOSE THIS
GAME, AND WE'RE GONNA PLAY THIS GAME!
AW, YOU GUYS STARTED
YELLING WITHOUT ME.
BUT THAT'S MY FAVORITE
PART OF FAMILY GAME NIGHT.
WE'RE NOT YELLING, HONEY.
WE'RE CONNECTING...
VERY LOUDLY.
YEAH, WELL, CHECK THIS OUT, JOE.
A MESSENGER JUST DROPPED OFF
SOME CONTRACTS FOR YOU TO SIGN.
IT'S FOR YOUR
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENT.
- THAT WAS FAST. AWESOME!
- YEAH.
- READ THE NOTE ON THE COVER.
- OH.
"JOE, A SPEAKER GOT SICK
AND I HAVE AN OPENING
"FOR TOMORROW. TEXT ME
IF YOU'RE AVAILABLE."
THAT'S SWEET!
- I'M GONNA GO...
- WHAT?
WHAT, JOE? WHAT ARE
YOU GONNA GO DO?
I'M GONNA...
I'M GONNA THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO TEXT HIM BACK?
NO. NO, I'M NOT, BECAUSE I'M NOT
GOING TO VIOLATE MY PLEDGE.
YOU KNOW? THERE'LL BE OTHER
SPEAKING OPPORTUNITIES.
WOW, THEY REALLY PAY A
LOT OF MONEY FOR THIS.
REALLY? YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
DOESN'T MATTER, ALL RIGHT?
MONEY... MONEY DOESN'T
MATTER, OKAY?
BECAUSE THIS IS ABOUT
PRINCIPLE, MEL.
AND AFTER ALL, WHO ARE WE
WITHOUT OUR PRINCIPLES?
(typing)
(beeping)
THIS IS NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
WELL, WELL, WELL.
THE ROLE MODEL IS CAUGHT
TEXTING IN THE CLOSET.
DOES THIS SERIOUSLY LOOK
LIKE I'M TEXTING TO YOU?
ALL RIGHT? BECAUSE THAT IS NOT
WHAT I'M DOING, ALL RIGHT?
WHAT I'M DOING HERE IS I'M LOOKING
UP MORRIS'S CONTACT INFO.
- IN THE CLOSET?
- I DON'T HAVE IT ANYWHERE ELSE.
BESIDES, IF PEOPLE SAW
ME USING MY PHONE,
THEY'D THINK I WAS
ACTUALLY TEXTING.
I MEAN, YOU JUST DID.
RELAX, JOE. I WON'T
TELL ANYBODY.
LENNOX, THERE IS NOTHING
TO TELL HERE, ALL RIGHT?
BUT THANK YOU.
LET ME FINISH.
I WON'T TELL ANYBODY
ABOUT YOUR TEXTING
IF YOU DON'T TELL ANYBODY
ABOUT MY THREE TEXTS.
WAIT A MINUTE, WAIT A MINUTE. I DID
ONE TEXT. WHY DO YOU GET THREE TEXTS?
OH, HEY, IF THAT'S A PROBLEM,
I CAN JUST GO TELL AUNT MEL
ABOUT YOUR CLOSET AFFAIRS.
WELL, I DEFINITELY
WOULDN'T WORD IT THAT WAY.
ALL RIGHT, FINE. FINE,
YOU GET THREE TEXTS.
AND YOU LOOK SO INNOCENT.
AH, FINALLY!
I CAN USE MY THUMBS
THE WAY GOD INTENDED.
(typing)
- (typing)
- (cat meows)
(clears throat)
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED!
THE PHONE FELL INTO MY HANDS.
OH, YOU'RE NOT JOE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
TELL HIM, ARE YOU?
TELL JOE WHAT?
OH, YOU'RE BAD...
IN THE GOOD WAY.
MOVE OVER.
AH, LOOK AT ME! I WAS ABOUT TO
PLUG IN MY PHONE TO RECHARGE IT,
BUT SINCE I DIDN'T USE
IT TODAY, NO NEED.
BECAUSE YOUR WORDS
MOTIVATED ME, JOE.
YOU KNOW, THANKS FOR BEING
SUCH A GOOD ROLE MODEL.
YEAH, YEAH. YOU
KNOW, LISTEN, MEL,
I ACTUALLY HAVE TO
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THIS WHOLE NO-CELL-PHONE
CHALLENGE
WAS A LOT HARDER THAN I
THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE,
AND THE TRUTH IS, HONEY...
I BARELY MADE IT
THROUGH THE FIRST DAY.
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.
I MEAN, THOSE SCREENS
ARE SO TEMPTING.
YEAH, THEY REALLY
ARE, SO TEMPTING.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, BABY?
YOU JUST GOTTA BE STRONG.
SO STRONG.
WELL, I GOTTA GET TO SLEEP
BECAUSE I GOTTA GET UP EARLY.
I HAVE MY FIRST SPEAKING
ENGAGEMENT TOMORROW.
OH, YOU GOT THE GIG?
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANKS. YEAH, I'M REALLY
EXCITED ABOUT IT.
WOW, THAT'S AWESOME.
WAIT A MINUTE, I'M CONFUSED.
UM, HOW DID YOU BOOK
THIS GIG FOR TOMORROW?
HUH?
I MEAN, WITHOUT
USING YOUR PHONE,
LIKE, HOW DID YOU GET
IN TOUCH WITH HIM?
DID YOU USE SOME SORT OF, I
DON'T KNOW, HOGWARTS OWL?
(laughs) GOOD ONE.
YOU'RE HILARIOUS.
I'M FALLING ASLEEP RIGHT NOW.
GOOD NIGHT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
BROKE YOUR PLEDGE.
YOU TEXTED HIM!
ALL WHILE I'M MAKING
THIS HUGE SACRIFICE.
HUGE SACRIFICE! YOU MISSED
OUT ON A DAY OF CAT VIDEOS.
YEAH, JOE! A WHOLE DAY!
YOU KNOW WHAT, JOE?
- KNOCK KNOCK.
- WHO'S THERE?
HYPOCRITE. YOU'RE
A BIG HYPOCRITE.
THAT'S NOT EVEN THE CORRECT
FORM OF A KNOCK-KNOCK JOKE.
OH YEAH? KNOCK KNOCK, WHO CARES?
LISTEN, GIVING THIS SPEECH IS
NOT JUST ABOUT ME, ALL RIGHT?
IT'S ABOUT HELPING PEOPLE
TO LEAD BETTER LIVES.
IT'S NOT SO HARD, JOE. JUST
ADMIT WHAT YOU DID WAS WRONG.
OKAY, FINE, I'LL ADMIT THAT WHAT
I DID WAS SLIGHTLY INCONSISTENT.
UH, INCONSISTENT
WITH BEING RIGHT?
WHATEVER! ALL RIGHT, I SAID ONE
THING AND THEN DID ANOTHER!
THAT IS THE DEFINITION
OF A HYPOCRITE.
YOU KNOW WHAT? SOME OF THE
MOST EFFECTIVE MEN IN HISTORY
HAVE BEEN BIG HYPOCRITES
IN THEIR PERSONAL LIFE.
- THAT'S YOUR DEFENSE?
- I DON'T KNOW!
IS IT WORKING?
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
YOU'RE CHECKING TEXTS,
DANI'S CHECKING EMAILS.
WHOA WHOA, WAIT A MINUTE.
BACK UP.
DANI CHEATED?
I DID NOT TELL YOU THAT.
BUT YOU KNOW, AT LEAST SHE WASN'T
CLAIMING TO BE A ROLE MODEL.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, LOOK, LET'S
JUST END THIS NOW.
WE SHOULDN'T GO TO BED ANGRY.
IT'S NOT GOOD TO GO TO BED ANGRY.
ALL RIGHT? I'LL TELL YOU WHAT...
I THINK I GOT A LITTLE SOMETHING
THAT WILL HELP YOU RELAX,
MAYBE EVEN, YOU KNOW,
HELP YOU SLEEP BETTER.
MMM. SO DO I.
- MMM.
- HOT, HOT CAT VIDEOS.
BUT I'M NOT GOING TO WATCH THEM, BECAUSE
SOMEONE IN THIS HOUSE HAS RESTRAINT.
OH, OH, OH, HEY, LOOK! IT'S ME!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
SHOULDN'T YOU BE ON YOUR WAY TO
YOUR BIG SPEAKING ENGAGEMENT?
MEL, HOW CAN I GO OUT THERE
IN FRONT OF ALL THOSE PEOPLE
AND TELL THEM TO DO SOMETHING
THAT I COULDN'T DO?
HOW WOULD I FEEL ABOUT MYSELF?
ANSWER? NOT GREAT.
LOOK, I SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID ALL
THOSE THINGS I SAID LAST NIGHT.
NO, HONEY, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I WAS BEING A TOTAL HYPOCRITE.
NO, YOU WERE RIGHT.
AND YOU WERE RIGHT FIRST.
I DO SPEND TOO MUCH TIME
STARING AT MY PHONE,
BECAUSE IT'S EASY,
AND REAL INTERACTION IS HARD,
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU HAVE TO APOLOGIZE
TO YOUR HUSBAND FOR OVERREACTING.
LOOK, SURE, YOU'RE NOT PERFECT,
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT WHAT
YOU HAVE TO SAY ISN'T VALUABLE,
AND IT'LL BE VALUABLE
TO THAT AUDIENCE TOO.
YOU REALLY THINK SO?
OF COURSE I DO.
YOU'RE FULL OF GOOD IDEAS,
BETWEEN LONGO FIT AND THIS,
YOU SHOULD REALLY WRITE A BOOK.
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT DOING THAT?
YOU MEAN, HAVE I EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT EXPRESSING MYSELF
WITHOUT BEING INTERRUPTED FOR 200 PAGES?
UM, YEAH.
- ONLY, LIKE, ALL THE TIME.
- WELL, THEN DO IT.
BUT FIRST YOU SHOULD GET GOING SO
YOU'RE NOT LATE TO YOUR SPEECH.
THOSE PEOPLE ARE
COUNTING ON YOU.
OH MY GOD. YOU'RE TOTALLY RIGHT.
AGAIN.
NOT THAT I'M KEEPING TRACK.
WHAT WOULD I DO WITHOUT YOU?
- MWAH!
- ALL RIGHT, GOOD LUCK.
YEAH! THANK YOU.
WAIT, SO WHICH ONE OF YOU IS
THE MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER?
WELL, ME, BUT I CAN'T
PURSUE ALL OF MY TALENTS
OR THE REST OF THE WORLD
WOULD JUST GET JEALOUS.
HEY THERE, FAMILY.
OH, LOOK WHO'S HOME.
- HOW'D THE SPEECH GO, JOE?
- IT WENT AMAZING.
A LOT OF PEOPLE CAME UP
TO ME AFTER THE SPEECH
AND TOLD ME JUST HOW
INSPIRED THEY WERE.
ACTUALLY, ONE GUY... HE GOT OUT
OF HIS WHEELCHAIR TO THANK ME.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, I'M NOT GOING
TO TAKE CREDIT FOR THAT,
BUT YOU CAN'T CALL
IT A COINCIDENCE.
WOW.
I NEED A MOMENT AFTER THAT ONE.
ANYWAY, THE COOLEST THING
IS THAT A FEW PEOPLE
ACTUALLY CAME UP TO ME
AFTER I WAS DONE TALKING,
AND THEY ASKED ME IF
THEY COULD BUY MY BOOK.
- AND WHAT DID YOU SAY?
- I SAID, "PRE-ORDER IT RIGHT NOW
"BECAUSE AS IT HAPPENS,
I'M WRITING ONE."
THAT'S GREAT, JOE.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT? PUT ME
DOWN FOR A PRE-ORDER TOO.
ME TOO. BUT CAN I GET
MINE IN AN E-BOOK?
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU SEE? I'M NOT
ANTI-TECHNOLOGY.
AND ALSO, IF I'M GOING
TO GET IT IN AN E-BOOK,
I'M ALSO GOING TO NEED AN E-BOOK
READER WITH A LEATHER CASE.
YOU WANT ME TO READ
YOUR BOOK, DON'T YOU?
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT. OKAY?
BUT I HAVE TO TELL YOU GUYS, I
COULD NOT HAVE DONE ANY OF IT
WITHOUT THIS LOVELY
LADY HERE TODAY.
I MEAN, SHE IS THE ONLY ONE
WHO HAD THE CONVICTION
AND THE CHARACTER TO
STICK IT OUT, YOU KNOW,
AND NOT LOOK AT A
PHONE OR A SCREEN
OR SEND A SINGLE TEXT.
I MEAN, I CRACKED, YOU KNOW?
- LENNOX CRACKED.
- HEY!
I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T
GOING TO OUT ME.
- BUT DON'T YOU FEEL BETTER NOW?
- NO.
DON'T FEEL BAD, OKAY?
DANI CRACKED TOO.
WHAT? I DID NOT.
DANI, MEL TOLD ME.
- BUT SHE WAS THE ONE...
- DANI, IT IS RUDE
TO INTERRUPT YOUR FATHER
WHEN HE'S SPEAKING.
FINE.
WAIT, WHY'D YOU DO THAT? YOU
DIDN'T SAY ANY SWEAR WORDS.
YEAH, BUT I'LL BE SAYING
PLENTY LATER IN MY BEDROOM.
AND SO... CAN I HAVE THAT
JAR, PLEASE, SWEETIE?
PER OUR AGREEMENT...
MEL...
YOU GET THE WINNINGS.
- OH.
- AW.
WOW. YOU KNOW, I WASN'T
EXPECTING TO WIN,
SO I DIDN'T PREPARE A SPEECH.
THAT'S OKAY, NO ONE
WANTS TO HEAR ONE.
CONGRATULATIONS, MEL.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH
THAT BIG PILE OF CASH YOU WON...
FAIRLY AND SQUARELY?
UH, WELL, I'M NOT...
I'M NOT SURE YET.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE TO HAND
IT TO YOU, AUNT MEL,
I DIDN'T THINK YOU'D BE ABLE
TO SURVIVE THE DEPRAVATION.
JEEZ, I WISH I HAD
YOUR DISCIPLINE.
SEE, GIRLS, IT JUST
GOES TO SHOW YOU,
NEVER UNDERESTIMATE
THIS WOMAN RIGHT HERE.
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE SHE IS CAPABLE
OF SO MUCH MORE THAN WE KNOW.
ALL RIGHT! I CHEATED TOO.
OKAY, I WATCHED KITTENS
VERSUS DUCKLINGS,
AND IT WAS ADORABLE. YOU
KNOW, WE ALL CHEATED,
SO NOBODY DESERVES THIS
MONEY FROM THE SWEAR JAR.
WE ARE GIVING IT TO CHARITY.
EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN THIS HOUSE
CHEATS LIKE (jackhammer pounding).
WELL, WELL, WELL, YOU'RE RIGHT
BACK ON THE TECHNOLOGY SAUCE, HUH?
I SURE AM, BUT, YOU SEE, I AM
USING THE COMPUTER FOR GOOD NOW.
BECAUSE I CLEARED MY
SCHEDULE OUT FOR THE DAY
SO I COULD SIT DOWN AND
START TO WRITE MY BOOK.
OH, GOOD FOR YOU. HOW MANY
PAGES HAVE YOU WRITTEN?
I JUST SAT DOWN.
BUT I THOUGHT I HEARD
YOU WAKE UP HOURS AGO.
YEAH, YOU DID, BUT YOU
KNOW, I HAD TO WORK OUT,
AND THEN, OF COURSE, I HAD TO GET
DANI'S LUNCH READY FOR SCHOOL,
AND THEN I STARTED THE
MARINADE AND THEN,
YOU KNOW, I NEVER NOTICED
HOW MESSY THE PANTRY WAS,
SO OF COURSE, I HAD
TO CLEAN THAT OUT.
BUT NOW... NOW I AM FOCUSED
AND READY TO START WORK
ON MY BEST SELLER.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU FOR SITTING
DOWN AND TACKLING THAT.
AND YOU KNOW, I'VE NEVER HAD
A BOOK DEDICATED TO ME,
IN CASE YOU WANTED
TO CHANGE THAT.
BUT I'LL JUST GO NOW
AND LET YOU FOCUS.
OKAY? FOCUS, JOE, FOCUS!
- GIVE ME A "J"!
- MEL.
I GOT IT.
- BYE.
- HEY, WHOOP!
- (door closes)
- (sighs)
OKAY.
I THINK I DESERVE A BREAK.
- (kitten meowing)
- LOOK AT THAT.
(laughing) KITTEN
NURSING ON A GORILLA.
OH, MAN, NATURE'S CRAZY.